java c
Psychological Research Methods (Conversion) 1: 2000-Word Research Report 
Due date/time: Thursday 5th      December 2024 at   12noon. 
Marks: This   report   will   be   marked on   University’s 21-point   marking   scale   (i.e., you’ll   be   awarded a   mark ‘out of 20’)   .   It is worth   60% of your final grade for your   unit.Overview: For      this      assessment   you      will      develop,   run      and      write-up      a         conceptual    replication      of   experiment   3   from   Rosenbaumetal. (2017)   .   This   document   provides   a   summary   of   our   expectations for   this   assessment.Formatting requirements: The body of   your report   should be no   longer than 2000   words.   These 2000   words do not include   the   content of   your title    page, abstract   (which   should   be      no   longer than   150   words),   keywords, end-text   reference   list, tables   or   figures      (or   the   titles/captions/notes   associated with   these)   . The   report   should   carefully   follow   the   guidelines   for   reporting   empirical   work   provided    by   the APAin the 7th    edition of   the publication   manual   (particularly chapters 2 and 3) and quantitative      journal   article   reporting   standards (JARS;   although please use your student ID rather than your name on the title page)   .   In   situations   where   the   APA   provide   different   guidelines   for ‘professional   papers’   and   a ‘student   papers’, please   use   the   professional   guidelines.   Although   you   can   find   student-friendly summaries   of   the   APA’s   guidelines   in   many   research   methods   textbooks(e.g., Coolican, 2019),   please be   aware that   many are   still    based on the   6th       edition of the   publication   manual   (the   7th       edition was   only   published in   late   2019)    and that   they are   no substitute for the   realthing.   Use these summaries    and   examples in addition to   the   guidelines   published   by   the   APA, not instead of them. Also note that published psychology papers, even those in journals published by the APA, are not necessarily in the ‘APA style! They are great for inspiration but should not be used as a ‘template’ for your own reports. Content requirements: Your   decisions   regarding   the   content   of   each   section   should   be   guided   by   the requirements   outlined in   the publication manual   and quantitative   JARS. However, in brief,   your report   should   contain   the   following   sections:Title page: The         APA      provide      recommendations   for      a      good         title,    as         well      as      strict         formatting requirements   for   a   title   page.   You do   not need   to include   an author note and   should use your student   ID   rather   than   your   name   so   your   report   can   be   marked   anonymously.Abstract: An   abstract   is   a   brief   yet   comprehensive   summary   of   the   entire   research   report.   It   should outline   the topic under   investigation, as   well as   key participant characteristics,   methods,   findings and   conclusions.   It   should   be   no   longer   than   150   words   and   can   be   unstructured or   structured.   If   it    is   structured, the   section   headers   are   included   in   the   word   count.Keywords: These   are   words,   phrases   or   acronyms   that   describe   the   most   important   aspects   of   your paper. Aim   for   three   to   five   and   try   to   avoid      repeating   words   that      are   used   in   your   title.   Put   your keywords   on   the   same   page   as   your   abstract.
Introduction: This    section    should    introduce    the   topic    or    problem    under    investigation,    overview relevant   scholarship   (i.e.,   past   research   findings   and   theoretical   developments), and   culminate   in      a rationale and   hypotheses   forthe current   study. It is a   requirement   that   yourhypotheses   allow   you   to   test   the   key   claims   made   Rosenbaumetal.   (2017)   .   However, you   are   welcome   to   report   additional analyses   that   are   either   hypothesis-driven   or   exploratory.   We   will   talk   more   about   this   in   your   lab classes. Method: This section   describes   the methods usedto   collect   the dataforhypothesis   testingand   should   provide   enough   detail   to   permit   a   precise    replication.   It   should   be   divided   into   four   subsections:   Design,   Participants,   Materials,   Procedure.
The Design section   outlines   your   basic      research   design, and   clearly   identifies   your   independent   and dependent   variables. This   section   is   typically   no   longer   than   a   few   sentences.The Participants section   describes   the   sampling   method   used   in   the   study,   as   well   as   the   size   and demographic   characteristics      (if      known)   of   the   final   sample.   It      should   also      specify   the      number   of participants   in   each   group   or   condition   if   applicable, and   whetheranyone   dropped   out   duringtesting or   was   excluded from   the   final   sample   (along   with   reasons,   if   known)   .   Finally,    it   should    “provide      evidence   that   the   study   has   sufficient   power   to   detect   effects   of   substantive   interest”   (APA, 2020,   p.   86)   .The Materials section   should   describe   the   stimuli,   tasks   and/or   equipment   that   participants   were asked to   respond to, as   well   as   an   account   of   how   participants’   responses were   aggregated and/or scored   to   create   the   variables   in   your   statistical   analyses.Finally,   the Procedure section   should   present a   description   of   how data   collection   was   carried    out.   What   were   participants asked to do, and in   what order?   How   long   did   this   procedure   take? There   is   no   need   to   repeat   information   already   provided   in   the   Materials   section   here, and   consequently   this section is   usually quite   brief.Results: The   Results   section   should   contain   descriptive   statistics   for   the   dependent   variables   in   your hypotheses (by condition/swhere applicable),   an   account   of   the   statistical   tests   used to   test your   hypotheses, and   a   summary   of   the   outcome   of   those   tests. To   facilitate      interpretation, you   should also   include   appropriate   measures   of   effect   size   and   precision.   Although   assumption   testing   is      not usually   reported in   published research reports, it   should be   reported   for代 写Psychological Research Methods (Conversion) 1: 2000-Word Research Report
代做程序编程语言 this assessment. Finally,   we      would   like   you   to   include   a   figure   to   illustrate   yourresults.   Think   carefully   about   the   datayou   want   to present in   this   figure, and how   to display   it clearly and honestly.   Also note   that   the publication manual   has   many   requirements   forthe   preparation   of   figures   (and   tables, if   you   elect   to   include   one   in   your report)   .Placement offigures and tables: Thepublication manualsays   that   these can   eitherplaced immediately   afterthe   paragraph(s) in   which   they   are   first   mentioned, oron   separate   pagesat   the   end   of   the   paper.   Please   do   the   former, as    it   makes   marking   much   easier.   If   a   figure   or   table   won’t   fit   in   the   space   available   below   the paragraph in   which it   is   first mentioned, put it   on   the next page.   Someblank space   is   fine, and   far   preferable   to   unnecessarily   splitting   a   figure   or   table   across   two   pages.Please   note   that   is   not   acceptable   to   copy   a   write-up   from   a   textbook,   journal   article, lecture   slides   or previous   student   report   and   then   drop   your   own   variables   and   numbers   into   it. You   should   be   using    these   sources   as examples to   workout   what   youneed   to   be   saying,   but   then   putting   them   aside   before    you   start   writing.   There   are   lots   of   different ways   that   you   can   write   up   the   results   of   common      statistical    tests   and   simply    inserting   your    own   variables    and    numbers   into    extracts   copied   from published   (or   unpublished) works   is   a   form   of   plagiarism.Finally,   although you will work   in   small   groups on substantial parts of   this assessment   (e.g.,   building   the   experiment, collecting   data) and you will   no doubt   discuss your data analysis   process and   results      with      your      colleagues,   you      must      run      your      own      analyses      and      write      them      up      independently. To encourage this, everyone will be assigned a slightly different sample of data. When it   comes   to   writing   your   report, do   it   independently. This will   minimise   your likelihood   of   accidentally   (or   deliberately)      engaging   in   collusion.   The    penalties for   collusion   and   other   forms   of   academic   misconduct   can   be      severe and are   best   avoided.Discussion: In   this   section, you   should   begin   by   considering   your   results   relative   to   your   hypothesis and   previous   research findings. The   Discussion section should also   highlight   methodological aspects   of   the   research   which   influence   the   interpretation   and   generalisation   of   your   findings   (these   maybe strengths   and/or   limitations), theoretical   and/or   applied   implications   of   your   findings, and   directions for   future   research. It   should   end   with   a   brief   paragraph   summarising   the   key   message   that   you   want readers   to   take   from   your   report.Reference List: An APA style   list   of   all   the   references cited in your   report. Your selection and   use   of   references should   demonstrate   that   you   are   aware   of   the   research   (both   old   and   new) which   is most relevant to   your   study. You   must   only   reference   papers   that   you   have   actually   read!   For   example,   if you read about Koch   et   al.   (2009)    in   Rosenbaumetal.   (2017),   only   Rosenbaumetal.   (2017)   should appear   in   your   reference   list.   In   text,   you   would   use   “Koch   et   al.   (2009,   as   cited   in   Rosenbaumetal.,   2017)”   .   A   longer reference   list   is    not necessarily a   better reference   list   and   padding   a   reference   list   with   material   that   you   haven’tread   is   usually   obvious   to   an   experienced   marker. Please   note   that   it   is not   customary   to cite   any   writing manuals or statistical   texts/articles   that   you consult   when preparing   a   research   report, and   consequently   you   are   not   expected   to   cite   them   in   this   assessment.Online Supplement: As   an   online   supplement   to   your   report,   please   upload   your   data   and   the   SPSS syntax   needed   to   reproduce   your   hypothesis   tests   to   the   OSF   (  https://osf.io)   . Include   anonymised ‘view   only’   links   to   both   in   the   body   of   your   report. You      can   choose   to   make   your   project   public   or leave   it   private. WhetheryourOSF project is public or private will have no impact on your marks for this report. What is important is that   we can download   your   data   and syntax and reproduce the   results   of   your   hypothesis   tests.   Please   indicate   clearly   in   the   OSF   project   description   and/or   wiki   that   your data   were   collected   for   an   assignment   for   PSYCM0081 at   the   University   of   Bristol.
Key Sources: 
American      Psychological      Association.    (2020)   . Publication manual of the American Psychological Association (7th    ed.)   . https://doi.org/10.1037/0000165-000 Appelbaum,   M., Cooper,   H.,   Kline,   R.   B.,   Mayo-Wilson,   E.,   Nezu, A.   M.,     Rao, S.   M.   (2018)   .   Journal   article   reporting   standards   for   quantitative   research   in   psychology:   The   APA   Publications   and Communications          Board          Task             Force             report. American          Psychologist,          73(1),             3-25.
https://doi.org/10.1037/amp0000191 
Caron,   E.   E.,   Reynolds,   M. G.,   Ralph,   B. C.   W., Carriere, J. S.   A.,   Besner,   D.,  Smilek,   D.   (2020)   .    Does   posture                  influence                     the                     Stroop                     effect? Psychological Science, 31(11),                   1452-   1460. https://doi.org/10.1177/0956797620953842 
Rosenbaum, D., Mama,   Y.,  Algom,   D.   (2017)   .   Standby   yourStroop:   Standing   up   enhances   selective attention             and                cognitive                control. Psychological                Science, 28(12),                1864-1867.
https://doi.org/10.1177/0956797617721270 Smith,   K.   C.,   Davoli,    C.   C.,    Knapp,   W.    H.,   III.,      Abrams,   R.   A.   (2019)   .   Standing   enhances cognitive   control      and      alters      visual      search. Attention, Perception,     Psychophysics, 81, 2320-2329.
https://doi.org/10.3758/s13414-019-01723-6 

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
